and it happened in the same year at the
and it happened in the same year at the beginning of the reign of Zedekiah king
beginning of the reign of Zedekiah king
beginning of the reign of Zedekiah king of judah in the fourth year and in the
of judah in the fourth year and in the
of judah in the fourth year and in the fifth month that Hananiah the son of aja
fifth month that Hananiah the son of aja
fifth month that Hananiah the son of aja the prophet who was from Gibeon spoke to
the prophet who was from Gibeon spoke to
the prophet who was from Gibeon spoke to me in the house of the lord in the
me in the house of the lord in the
me in the house of the lord in the presence of the priests and of all the
presence of the priests and of all the
presence of the priests and of all the people thus speaks the Lord of hosts the
people thus speaks the Lord of hosts the
people thus speaks the Lord of hosts the God of Israel saying I have broken the
God of Israel saying I have broken the
God of Israel saying I have broken the yoke of the king of Babylon within two
yoke of the king of Babylon within two
yoke of the king of Babylon within two full years I will bring back to this
full years I will bring back to this
full years I will bring back to this place all the vessels of the Lord's
place all the vessels of the Lord's
place all the vessels of the Lord's house that Nebuchadnezzar king of
house that Nebuchadnezzar king of
house that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon took away from this place and
Babylon took away from this place and
Babylon took away from this place and carried to Babylon and I will bring back
carried to Babylon and I will bring back
carried to Babylon and I will bring back to this place Jack Anaya the son of
to this place Jack Anaya the son of
to this place Jack Anaya the son of jehoiada
jehoiada
jehoiada king of Judah with all the captives of
king of Judah with all the captives of
king of Judah with all the captives of Judah who went to Babylon says the Lord
Judah who went to Babylon says the Lord
Judah who went to Babylon says the Lord for I will break the yoke of the king of
for I will break the yoke of the king of
for I will break the yoke of the king of Babylon
then the Prophet Jeremiah spoke to the
then the Prophet Jeremiah spoke to the Prophet Hananiah in the presence of the
Prophet Hananiah in the presence of the
Prophet Hananiah in the presence of the priests and in the presence of all the
priests and in the presence of all the
priests and in the presence of all the people who stood in the house of the
people who stood in the house of the
people who stood in the house of the Lord and the Prophet Jeremiah said Amen
Lord and the Prophet Jeremiah said Amen
Lord and the Prophet Jeremiah said Amen the Lord do so the Lord perform your
the Lord do so the Lord perform your
the Lord do so the Lord perform your words which you have prophesied to bring
words which you have prophesied to bring
words which you have prophesied to bring back the vessels of the Lord's house and
back the vessels of the Lord's house and
back the vessels of the Lord's house and all who were carried away captive from
all who were carried away captive from
all who were carried away captive from Babylon to this place nevertheless here
Babylon to this place nevertheless here
Babylon to this place nevertheless here now this word that I speak in your
now this word that I speak in your
now this word that I speak in your hearing and in the hearing of all the
hearing and in the hearing of all the
hearing and in the hearing of all the people the prophets who have been before
people the prophets who have been before
people the prophets who have been before me and before you of old prophesied
me and before you of old prophesied
me and before you of old prophesied against many countries and great
against many countries and great
against many countries and great kingdoms of war and disaster and
kingdoms of war and disaster and
kingdoms of war and disaster and pestilence as for the prophet who
pestilence as for the prophet who
pestilence as for the prophet who prophesies of peace when the word of the
prophesies of peace when the word of the
prophesies of peace when the word of the Prophet comes to pass the Prophet will
Prophet comes to pass the Prophet will
Prophet comes to pass the Prophet will be known as one whom the Lord has truly
be known as one whom the Lord has truly
be known as one whom the Lord has truly sent then Hananiah the Prophet took the
sent then Hananiah the Prophet took the
sent then Hananiah the Prophet took the yoke off the Prophet Jeremiah's neck and
yoke off the Prophet Jeremiah's neck and
yoke off the Prophet Jeremiah's neck and broken and Ananias spoke in the presence
broken and Ananias spoke in the presence
broken and Ananias spoke in the presence of all the people thus says the Lord
of all the people thus says the Lord
of all the people thus says the Lord even so I will break the yoke of
even so I will break the yoke of
even so I will break the yoke of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon from the
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon from the
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon from the neck of all nations within this space of
neck of all nations within this space of
neck of all nations within this space of two full years and the prophet Jeremiah
two full years and the prophet Jeremiah
two full years and the prophet Jeremiah went his way now the word of the Lord
went his way now the word of the Lord
went his way now the word of the Lord came to Jeremiah after Hananiah the
came to Jeremiah after Hananiah the
came to Jeremiah after Hananiah the Prophet had broken the yoke from the
Prophet had broken the yoke from the
Prophet had broken the yoke from the neck of the Prophet Jeremiah
neck of the Prophet Jeremiah
neck of the Prophet Jeremiah go and tell Hananiah saying thus says
go and tell Hananiah saying thus says
go and tell Hananiah saying thus says the Lord you have broken the yokes of
the Lord you have broken the yokes of
the Lord you have broken the yokes of war but you have made in their place
war but you have made in their place
war but you have made in their place yokes of I for thus says the Lord of
yokes of I for thus says the Lord of
yokes of I for thus says the Lord of hosts the God of Israel I have put a
hosts the God of Israel I have put a
hosts the God of Israel I have put a yoke of iron on the neck of all these
yoke of iron on the neck of all these
yoke of iron on the neck of all these nations that they may serve Nebu knez a
nations that they may serve Nebu knez a
nations that they may serve Nebu knez a king of Babylon and they shall serve
king of Babylon and they shall serve
king of Babylon and they shall serve I have given him the beasts of the field
I have given him the beasts of the field
I have given him the beasts of the field also then the Prophet Jeremiah said to
also then the Prophet Jeremiah said to
also then the Prophet Jeremiah said to Hananiah the Prophet here now Hananiah
Hananiah the Prophet here now Hananiah
Hananiah the Prophet here now Hananiah the Lord has not sent you but you make
the Lord has not sent you but you make
the Lord has not sent you but you make this people trust in a lie therefore
this people trust in a lie therefore
this people trust in a lie therefore thus says the Lord behold I will cast
thus says the Lord behold I will cast
thus says the Lord behold I will cast you from the face of the earth this year
you from the face of the earth this year
you from the face of the earth this year you shall die because you have taught
you shall die because you have taught
you shall die because you have taught rebellion against the Lord so Han and I
rebellion against the Lord so Han and I
rebellion against the Lord so Han and I of the Prophet died the same year in the
of the Prophet died the same year in the
of the Prophet died the same year in the seventh month
seventh month
seventh month [Music]